Update Hybrid Custody docs (#98)
onflow/docs: docs/concepts/hybrid-custody/guides/account-model.mdx

# Design Overview

<Callout type="info">

TL;DR: An account's `HybridCustody.Manager` is the entry point for all of a user's associated accounts.

</Callout>

The basic idea in the [(currently proposed) standard](https://forum.onflow.org/t/account-linking-authaccount-capabilities-management/4314) is relatively simple. A parent account is one that has received delegated (albeit restricted) access on another account. The account which has delegated authority over itself to the parent account is the child account.

In the [Hybrid Custody Model](https://forum.onflow.org/t/hybrid-custody/4016), this child account would have shared access between the dapp which created and presumably maintains custody of the account and the linked parent account.

How does this delegation occur? Typically when we think of shared account access in crypto, we think keys. However, Cadence enables [accounts to link Capabilities on themselves](https://github.com/onflow/cadence/issues/2151) and issue those Capabilities to other parties (more on [capability-based access here](https://developers.flow.com/cadence/language/capability-based-access-control)).

> We’ve leveraged this feature in a (proposed) standard so that dapps can implement a hybrid custody model whereby the dapp creates an account it controls, then later delegates access on that account to the user once they’ve authenticate with their wallet. All related constructs are used together in the [`HybridCustody` contract](https://testnet.contractbrowser.com/A.96b15ff6dfde11fe.HybridCustody) to define the standard. The delegated access on child accounts is stored and mediated by the parent account's `Manager` which maintains Capabilities on `ProxyAccount` and `ChildAccount` resources, themselves defining restricted and unrestricted access respectively.

Author: > All constructs for this standard are defined and used together in the [`HybridCustody` contract]

All relevant constructs are also defined in the `CapabilityFilter`, `CapabilityProxy`, and `CapabilityFactory` contracts and used in the `HybridCustody` contract. All rest is all correct though, I'll be sure to update the wording. Breaking it down into smaller paragraphs is definitely easier to follow.

A wallet or marketplace wishing to discover all of a user’s accounts and assets within them can do so by first looking to the user’s `Manager`.

## Identifying Account Hierarchy

To clarify, insofar as the standard is concerned, an account is a parent account if it contains a `Manager` resource, and an account is a child account if it contains at minimum a `ChildAccount` or additionally a `ProxyAccount` resource.

We can see that the user’s `Manager.accounts` point to the address of its child account in its index, with corresponding Capabilities giving the Manager access to those accounts. Likewise, the child account’s `ProxyAccount.parentAddress` points to the user’s account as its parent address. This makes it easy to both identify whether an account is a parent, child, or both, and its associated parent/child account(s). `ChildAccount` resources underly all account delegations, so can have multiple parents whereas `ProxyAccount`s are 1:1. This provides more granular revocation as each parent account has its own Capability path on which its access relies.

### Restricted vs. Owned Accounts

> It's worth noting here that `ProxyAccount` Capabilities enable access to the underlying account according to rules configured by the delegator. The `ProxyAccount` maintains these rules along with a `ChildAccount` resource within which the AuthAccount Capability is stored. Anyone with access to the surface level `ProxyAccount` can then access the underlying AuthAccount, but only according the the pre-defined rule set. These rules are fundamentally a list of Types that can/cannot be retrieved from an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's worth noting here that `ProxyAccount` Capabilities enable access to the underlying account according to rules configured by the child account who is delegating the authority.
The `ProxyAccount` and `ChildAccount` resources maintain these rules because they are where the `AuthAccount` Capabilities are stored. 
Anyone with access to the surface level `ProxyAccount` can then access the underlying AuthAccount, but only according the the pre-defined rule set. These rules are fundamentally a list of Types that can/cannot be retrieved from an account.
```

![HybridCustody Conceptual Overview](resources/hybrid_custody_conceptual_overview.png)

> So, if an app developer wants to enable Hybrid Custody but doesn't want to allow parent accounts to access FungibleToken Vaults, for example, the app developer can codify rule sets on allowable Capability types in a `CapabilityFilter` along with a `CapabilityFactory` defining retrieval patterns for those Capabilities. When delegation occurs, they would provide the `CapabilityFilter` and `CapabilityFactory` Capabilities to a `ChildAccount` which wraps the given filter & factory Capabilities in a `ProxyAccount` along with a Capability to itself before publishing the new `ProxyAccount` Capability for the specified parent account.

Reviewer: This paragraph mentions not allowing access to Fungible Token Vaults, but then doesn't actually mention what a developer would specifically do to do that. I feel like we need to do the general description first, then expain the Vault use case. I took a stab, but feel free to change if it doesn't work well.

```suggestion
The app developer can codify these rule sets on allowable Capability types in a [`CapabilityFilter`](LINK) along with a [`CapabilityFactory`](LINK) defining retrieval patterns for those Capabilities. 
When delegation occurs, the developer would provide the `CapabilityFilter` and `CapabilityFactory` Capabilities to a `ChildAccount` resource which stores them in a `ProxyAccount` resource.  Then, capabilities are created for the `ChildAccount` and `ProxyAccount` resource and are given to the specified parent account.

So, if an app developer wants to enable Hybrid Custody but doesn't want to allow parent accounts to access FungibleToken Vaults, for example, they would specify in the `CapabilitiyFilter` that Vaults are not allowed to be accessed by the parent account, and that type restriction would therefore be enforced by the child account through its objects.
```

Author: Good point. Technically, a developer disallows access to FungibleToken Vaults by default since the accessible types must be enumerated in a Filter or provided in a Proxy. But it's worth highlighting that fact and the mechanisms that enable that enforcement

![HybridCustody Total Overview](./resources/restricted_child_accounts_low_level.png)

## Considerations

Do note that this construction does not prevent an account from having multiple parent accounts or a child account from being the parent to other accounts. While initial intuition might lead one to believe that account associations are a tree with the user at the root, the graph of associated accounts among child accounts may lead to cycles of association. 

We believe it would be unlikely for a use case to demand a user delegates authority over their main account (in fact we’d discourage such constructions), but delegating access between child accounts could be useful. As an example, consider a set of local game clients across mobile and web platforms, each with self-custodied app accounts having delegated authority to each other while both are child accounts of the user’s main account.

Ultimately, it will be up to the implementing wallet/marketplace how far down the graph of account associations they’d want to traverse and display to the user.

# Implementation

From the perspective of a wallet or marketplace dapp, some relevant things to know about the user are:

> - Does this account have associated linked accounts?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Does this account have associated linked (child) accounts?
```

        .borrow<&HybridCustody.Manager>(from: HybridCustody.ManagerStoragePath) {
        
        for childAccount in managerRef.getChildAddresses() {
            balances.insert(key: childAccount, getAllBalancesInStorage(address))
            seen.append(childAccount)
        }

        for ownedAccount in managerRef.getOwnedAddresses() {
            if seen.contains(ownedAccount) == false {
                balances.insert(key: ownedAccount, getAllBalancesInStorage(address))
                seen.append(ownedAccount)
            }
        }
    }

    return balances 
}
```

The above script returns a dictionary of balances indexed on the type and further grouped by account Address.

The returned data at the end of address iteration should be sufficient to achieve a unified balance of all Vaults of similar types across all of a user’s associated account as well as a more granular per account view.

You might consider resolving [`FungibleTokenMetadataViews`](https://github.com/onflow/flow-ft/blob/master/contracts/FungibleTokenMetadataViews.cdc) to aggregate more information about the underlying Vaults.

### Access NFT in Child Account from Parent Account

> A user with tokens in one of their linked accounts will likely want to utilize said tokens. In this example, the user will sign a transaction a transaction with their authenticated account that retrieves a reference to a linked account’s Flow Provider, enabling withdrawal from the linked account having signed with the main account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user with tokens in one of their linked accounts will likely want to utilize said tokens. In this example, the user will sign a transaction with their authenticated account that retrieves a reference to a linked account’s `NonFungibleToken.Provider`, enabling withdrawal from the linked account having signed with the main account.
```

        self.providerRef = cap as! Capability<&{NonFungibleToken.Provider}>
    }

    execute {
        // Withdraw the NFT from the Collection
        let nft <- self.providerRef.withdraw(withdrawID: withdrawID)
        // Do stuff with the NFT
        // ...
    }
}

```

At the end of this transaction, you withdrew an NFT from the specified account using a Provider Capability. A similar approach could get you reference to the linked account’s 

### Revoking Secondary Access on a Linked Account

The expected uses of child accounts for progressive onboarding implies that they will be accounts with shared access. A user may decide that they no longer want secondary parties to have access to the child account. 

There are two ways a party can have delegated access to an account - keys and AuthAccount Capability. With `ProxyAccount` mediated access, a user wouldn't be able to revoke anyone's access except for their own. With unrestricted access via `ChildAccount`, one could remove parents (`ChildAccount.removeParent(parent: Address)`) thereby unlinking relevant Capabilities and further destroying their `ProxyAccount` and `CapabilityProxy` resources.

> Ultimately, things are not entirely straightforward with respect to AuthAccount Capabilities, at least not until Capability Controllers enter the picture. This is discussed in more detail in [the Flip](https://forum.onflow.org/t/account-linking-authaccount-capabilities-management/4314). For now, we recommend that if users want to revoke secondary access, they transfer any assets from the relevant child account and remove it from their `Manager` altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ultimately, things are not entirely straightforward with respect to `AuthAccount` Capabilities, at least not until Capability Controllers enter the picture. This is discussed in more detail in [the Flip](https://forum.onflow.org/t/account-linking-authaccount-capabilities-management/4314). For now, we recommend that if users want to revoke secondary access, they transfer any assets from the relevant child account and remove it from their `Manager` altogether.
```
